>> Richard Feldman: All right,
let's move on to the exercise.
Cd into part3, open up the old editor.
Okay, and in readme it says,
I'm gonna open up src/page/article.elm.
And resolve the TODOs there.
Okay, so here we have some
tasks that are not commands.
They're supposed to be commands because
we're passing them to Cmd.bash.
But they haven't been
converted to commands yet.
So what we're gonna do here is
we're gonna use task.attempt and
task.perform to make this code compile.
And we're going to choose which
one to use based on whether or
not we can use task.perform.
So task.perform only works if it's going
to be something that, a task that can
never fail, otherwise we have to use a
temp that specify both the error case and
the success case,
how to turn both of those into a message.
So you can see elsewhere in the file
the types for a message, you can see right
here we have the documentation for
attempt as well as perform.
And between the two and this code right
here and compilers we should be able to
figure out how to resolve these such
that all of these become commands.
Quick note on what these are doing, so
article.fetch is essentially saying I
want load this the http data for
this particular article.
Comment.list is doing
the same thing except for
comments on that article those are both
loaded asynchronously and concurrently.
Time.here is the task that returns the
current time zone, we're gonna use that
because wanna display for the comments we
wanna display the user local time down so
this is a task that will just go and
get that for us.
And finally we have Loading.slowThreshold.
So this is a task that
essentially just waits for,
I think it's 500 milliseconds, and
then fires a message saying hey,
we have now passed the slow
loading threshold.
And what that does is, once we get past
that threshold, if we still have not
loaded, either the comment or the article,
we show a loading center for those.
So essentially if it loads
within 500 milliseconds,
we don't bother showing a spinner.
If we pass that threshold
then it's like okay,
now it's time to show a spinner
because this is taking a while and
we wanted the user to be aware that it's
not errored out, it's just taking a while.
So those are our four tasks and
we're going to convert them to
commands using one of those two.